Command: QPIRI - Current Settings inquiry
------------------------------------------------------------
Parameter                     	Value           Unit
ac_input_voltage              	230.0          	V   
ac_input_current              	34.7           	A   
ac_output_voltage             	230.0          	V   
ac_output_frequency           	50.0           	Hz  
ac_output_current             	34.7           	A   
ac_output_apparent_power      	8000           	VA  
ac_output_active_power        	8000           	W   
battery_voltage               	48.0           	V   
battery_recharge_voltage      	51.0           	V   
battery_under_voltage         	48.0           	V   
battery_bulk_charge_voltage   	54.0           	V   
battery_float_charge_voltage  	54.0           	V   
battery_type                  	User           	    
max_ac_charging_current       	2              	A   
max_charging_current          	30             	A   
input_voltage_range           	UPS            	    
output_source_priority        	Solar Battery Utility	    
charger_source_priority       	Solar first    	    
max_parallel_units            	9              	units
machine_type                  	Off Grid       	    
topology                      	transformerless	    
output_mode                   	single machine output	    
battery_redischarge_voltage   	52.0           	V   
pv_ok_condition               	As long as one unit of inverters has connect PV, parallel system will consider PV OK	    
pv_power_balance              	PV input max power will be the sum of the max charged power and loads power	    
max_charging_time_for_cv_stage	480            	min 
operation_logic               	Automatic mode 	    
max_discharging_current       	40             	A   
2022-10-17 20:29:53,282:DEBUG:__init__:main@438: Not daemon, so not looping


Command: QPIGS - General Status Parameters inquiry
------------------------------------------------------------
Parameter                     	Value           Unit
ac_input_voltage              	234.2          	V   
ac_input_frequency            	49.9           	Hz  
ac_output_voltage             	229.8          	V   
ac_output_frequency           	50.0           	Hz  
ac_output_apparent_power      	344            	VA  
ac_output_active_power        	167            	W   
ac_output_load                	4              	%   
bus_voltage                   	386            	V   
battery_voltage               	52.8           	V   
battery_charging_current      	0              	A   
battery_capacity              	46             	%   
inverter_heat_sink_temperature	41             	Â°C  
pv1_input_current             	0.0            	A   
pv1_input_voltage             	0.0            	V   
battery_voltage_from_scc      	0.0            	V   
battery_discharge_current     	4              	A   
is_sbu_priority_version_added 	0              	bool
is_configuration_changed      	0              	bool
is_scc_firmware_updated       	0              	bool
is_load_on                    	1              	bool
is_battery_voltage_to_steady_while_charging	0              	bool
is_charging_on                	0              	bool
is_scc_charging_on            	0              	bool
is_ac_charging_on             	0              	bool
battery_voltage_offset_for_fans_on	0              	10mV
eeprom_version                	0              	    
pv1_charging_power            	0              	W   
is_charging_to_float          	0              	bool
is_switched_on                	1              	bool
is_dustproof_installed        	0              	bool


Command: QPGS0 - Parallel Information inquiry
------------------------------------------------------------
Parameter                     	Value           Unit
parallel_instance_number      	Not valid      	    
serial_number                 	92932203100842 	    
work_mode                     	Battery Mode   	    
fault_code                    	No fault       	    
grid_voltage                  	234.9          	V   
grid_frequency                	49.99          	Hz  
ac_output_voltage             	229.9          	V   
ac_output_frequency           	49.99          	Hz  
ac_output_apparent_power      	321            	VA  
ac_output_active_power        	123            	W   
load_per centage               	4              	%   
battery_voltage               	52.8           	V   
battery_charging_current      	0              	A   
battery_capacity              	46             	%   
pv1_input_voltage             	0.0            	V   
total_charging_current        	0              	A   
total_ac_output_apparent_power	321            	VA  
total_output_active_power     	123            	W   
total_ac_output_percentage    	1              	%   
is_scc_ok                     	0              	bool
is_ac_charging                	0              	bool
is_scc_charging               	0              	bool
is_battery_over_voltage       	0              	bool
is_battery_under_voltage      	0              	bool
is_line_lost                  	0              	bool
is_load_on                    	1              	bool
is_configuration_changed      	0              	bool
output_mode                   	single machine 	    
charger_source_priority       	Utility first  	    
max_charger_current           	30             	A   
max_charger_range             	120            	A   
max_ac_charger_current        	2              	A   
pv1_input_current             	0              	A   
battery_discharge_current     	4              	A   
pv2_input_voltage             	0.0            	V   
pv2_input_current             	0              	A   
